on American dinner tables chicken is the
most popular meat but Consumer Reports
tests of more than 300 raw chicken
breasts purchased at stores across the
country found potentially harmful
bacteria in nearly all the samples we
tested the chicken 46 bacteria including
Salmonella and Campylobacter which are
common causes of food poisoning and
e.coli and in terra caucus which are
typical measures of fecal contamination
more than half of the chicken breasts
were tainted with e.coli and in terra
caucus and all the major brands tested
Purdue Tyson Sanderson farms and
pilgrims contained worrisome bacteria as
did smaller brands and the packages
labeled organic or no antibiotics most
troubling when we looked at all of the
chicken breasts we tested about half
harbored at least one bacterium that was
resistant to three or more common
families of antibiotics Rick Schiller
knows the dangers he wound up in the
hospital with severe abdominal pain
after eating chicken contaminated with
salmonella I thought I wasn't gonna make
it there for a little bit I was that
sick I was so sick I couldn't move
around I didn't want to talk I just
wanted to lay there Consumer Reports
says when it comes to preparing chicken
you can't be too careful our tests did
not reveal any better choice despite
some differences among brands and types
you really want to make sure to cook
your chicken until it reaches a hundred
and sixty-five degrees in the center
it's also important to wash your hands
well after handling raw chicken and
don't wash raw chicken under the faucet
that can spread bacteria and increase
your risk of getting sick
you